what you're gonna get from a lobster is
real we are farmers of the city we are
conservationists we are
environmentalists we are stewards of our
resource people need to understand that
that's who we are 99% of us lobstermen
are good hard-working dedicated
independent strong-willed strong hard
people
they call imaginary lines and imaginary
lines have been the nucleus of our
industry and if we didn't have them it
would be it would be mayhem the Coast
Guard does not police this industry they
police the rules and the regulations but
the fishermen themselves police
imaginary lines if we could take a chart
of the whole state of Maine and every
particular Island and nook and cranny
took and wrote their imaginary lines it
would be a cobweb interviewed just a big
confusion but everybody who fishes
around everybody knows each other's
lines and I will defend my territory to
the death there's a lot different days
and it is now old wooden trap all of my
hand rode my boat the paranoid I'm a
fourth generation lobster as all my
family's ever done I fish off the
southern end of Matunuck Island I'm
spending my family for 350 years that's
my life it's my heritage it's my
lifestyle all I've ever done when we
were born we were getting a lobster
license regardless I had my lobster
license since I was 4 years old I've
been hauling traps since I was 5 years
old and so this is this is my life this
is what it's all about I get a license
from now 7 years old but I had that when
I was sick I never stopped loggers with
ten cents a pound they went up to 12 and
we were tickled to death
I'm still trying to fish my 800 trap
boat all I want to do I always said I'd
doesn't have friends on a barrel of
lobsters any day
ten years old
when I was 10
my furs el borde when I was 11 or 12
we're catching plenty of obstacles well
not getting any money showing off to the
pool you know a lot of that isn't do the
economy so you're out price is really
low
I was a commercial fisherman all my life
lobsters when I was a kid is the
teenager I wanted to live in forward
they're just more going on
I never know what he's gonna dream up go
with me now you sit down because we're
gonna go fast so I get a - summertime
there's always plenty to do on people's
boats and the old boards or something we
had to do something just to keep
business that's a win arrived and the
convertibles for the summertime
a place called Steve Chevrolet up here
where the boys go in the afternoon
thought we had to build a hideous cat
boat he likes the past to make his Mack
around that's what we dreamed up
everybody's always wondering oh we're
gonna come up with the next year but at
a boat race you are a gentleman you know
and I think that we all come together
regardless of what you think about that
person we are at a venue where you just
let that all disappear
you had the loves of smacks or the
person that was out hauling lobsters a
day so we'll we got in first got his
catch unloaded first and naturally that
that formed into a series of people
racing will I beat you today but
tomorrow the other guy happened to get
in for us he got his catch on
wag doesn't drop the race on the star
I am the official liner upper of the
whole races jumping again
nobody cheese nobody cheats at all but
if you're not winning you're not
cheating
sixty-eight point one
put the survival food drives to coast of
Maine no like the weather just wait a
minute
it's nice to see these guys out of the
shop and see them having a little fun
instead of just working all the time
the Daytona 500 of lobster boat races
live on the mountain to pure rock if you
take every individual territory whether
it's from Portland to Down East or
wherever you are to every little island
every little territory you're gonna find
family you're gonna find husbands and
wives and cousins and nephews and it's
all family and that's what's so very
unique and cool about this industry and
people don't really understand it it's a
family business